= girror

Girror == [G]it the M[irror]

A CLI remote-to-local directory mirroring tool, the poor man's "filezilla" which 
I couldn't google up, so decided to make it myself.

What does it do?

- Logs into the remote sftp server;
- Changes to the dir indicated in the CLI parameter;
- Gets the directory tree from there;
- Compares the tree to the local one;
- Downloads all the files/directories which are:
  - don't exist in the local tree,
  - newer than local ones (mtime comparison),
  - have the mode/owner changed (this feature is available only if the local 
    system is Unix);
- Removes all the removed-on-remote files;
- Wraps all the operations into git transactions (creation/deletion 
  of files/dirs);
- Commits the changes to the local git repository.

Girror doesn't need any special server software on the remote side
besides the ssh/sftp.

== CLI reference


== Contributing to girror
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Pavel Argentov. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

